# Lesson 2

Ex 1: 
1. Jaeger 
2. McIntyre
3. Oberon 
4. Saint Arnulf

Ex 2: 
1. _Larva_ - single, _Larvae_ - for the plural  
2. C

Ex 3: 
1. 380.000
2. 117 million

` Need to work on the listening: especially of the names and numbers `

### Idioms that describe love

` The more idioms we use the better it is for the score `

1. C 
2. A 
3. B

4. _hit it off_ - to get along with someone immediately 
5. _go Dutch_ - to split the bill / to each pay half the total cost 
6. _popped the question_ - to ask someone to marry you 

` When answering the question we need to give complex and clear answers to question `

7. _old flame_ - a former lover 
8. _tie the knot_ - to get married
9. _pickup line_ - something said to start a conversation with someone who you are interested in romantically

10. _blind date_ - a date with a person whom you havent met before 
11. _set her up_ - to help someone find a romantic partner 
12. _fell in love_ - to begin to have feeling of love for another person 
13. _head over heels_ - to be deeply in love or very excited about someone 

14. _meant to be_ - when something seems like it is supposed to happen, especially in love 
15. _playing hard to get_ - acting uninterested to make someone more interested in you romantically 
16. _caught his eye_ - to attract someone's attention or interest

17. go 
18. had
19. hit
20. tied 
21. fell

---
People _take_ IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">every day</span>

People _are taking_ IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">currently</span>

People _have taken_ IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">since</span> 1980's

People _have been taking_ IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">for decades</span>

A lot of people _took_ IELTS<span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)"> last year </span>

They _were taking_ IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">when the earthquake stroke </span>

They _had prepared_ for IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">before they took it </span> 

They _had been preparing_ for IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">for 2 months </span>before they took it

They _will prepare_ for IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">next week </span> 

They _will be prapared_ for IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">this time next week </span> 

They _will have prepared_ for IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">by the end of march</span> 

They _will have been preparing_ for IELTS <span style="color:rgb(0, 176, 80)">for 2 months</span> by the end of march 

---
_**The passive and active voice have 12 tenses**_

